new 2014 Honda City unveiled now Honda
has confirmed that the car will be
launched in 2014 January and it's gonna
be another eye catcher view 2014 Honda
City unveils Honda has taken the wraps
of the fourth generation city with the
launch confirmed for January 2014 the
new Honda City called 2ct is built on
the same platform as the upcoming new
generation Honda Jazz the new car has a
length of four thousand four hundred
forty millimeters same as the current
city but the wheelbase is 50 millimeter
more at 2,600 millimeter shoulder room
forty millimeter more than the current
car height stands a ten millimeter more
at one thousand four hundred ninety five
millimeter width at one thousand six
hundred ninety five millimeter and
legroom up by sixty millimeter and knee
room of a 70 millimeter the new Honda
City will come with both petrol and
diesel engine options the 1.5 liter
diesel is Honda's new made for India
engine the same as seen on the immense
but is more fuel efficient and refined
the 1.5 liter petrol has also been tuned
for better fuel efficiency and comes
with a plastic intake manifold for
weight reduction the car boasts a 24
percent improvement in structural
rigidity as compared to the old car
there is new matte firs and studs for
the front suspension while the rear gets
an edge shape to is beam suspension
Honda also claims that the brakes have
been tuned to provide better field
Oh